Board for solving Composed-Shogi-Problem.
 or studying paper of Shogi master's Record-of-Game.
Button layout changes by "Start" button.
Before "Start", arrange pieces
 using blue/yellow buttons under the board. 
When "Start"ed, timer starts. Play as "Local Match".
By "Interrupt", you can do re-arrangement
 returning to before "Start"ed.
"Start" is not necessary but you can save current snapshot.

(Bottom buttons change when opend by "Variation"
on "Replay" board.)
-----
Before "Start"
  "Reset" : Set to Initial arrangement.
  "Clear" : Remove all pieces except "King" from board.
     put other pieces from tray.
  "All-W" : Put all remaining pieces to 2nd-Move's tray.
     This will be a condition of Composed-Shogi-Problem.
  "Rotate" : Change side of the selected piece
     (Balck<-->White).
  "Turn" : Change promoted status of the selected piece.
  "Del" : Remove the selected piece from board.
     Flicking will also delete the piece on board.
  "Clear"(on both tray) : set all piece counter to 0.
  Piece Icon: When selected, it is put on the empty square
    of board.
    Touch twice to count up, push "Del" to count down.

After "Start"
  "Save" : Save current status in memory
    to enable restoration.
    Status at "Start"ed is saved automatically.
    This snapshot is volatile when Free Board is closed.
    Use Save on File menu to save to file.
  "Prev" : Back to previously saved status.
  "Next" : Forward to next status after "Prev"ed.
  "First" : Back to the status of first "Start"ed.

-----
"Prm"/"NoP" button : This is toggle button.
  Initial status is "Prm".
  You should set Promote or Not-promote
  before move piece to/from promotion area.
  It's appears after "Start"ed.
Coordinate button : Right most sky-blue button.
  It means "determined",
  use as alternative of 2nd touch when two touch mode.
-----
"File" : Open "File Menu" to
   Save and Load of snapshot(.ss),
   load file of Composed-Shogi-Problem,
   load Composed-Shogi-Problem from Clipboard,
   Close Free Board.
   Snapshots on memory are cleared when file is loaded.
"StartW" : Push at arrangement completed,
   enter to "Local Match" mode with next move is White.
   At first time, "Free Board Setup" dialog will popup. 
   You can set time limit.
"StartB" : Push at arrangement completed,
   enter to "Local Match" mode with next move is Black.
   At first time, "Free Board Setup" dialog will popup. 
"Interrupt" : Push if you want to re-arrange board.
"Setting" : Board options such as about sounds.
----
When opened by "Variation" of Replay Board.
"Close" : End Replay mode.
"Back" : Back to Replay Board.
